# Introspy

CUI/GUI: GUI
Keywords: android, autoscan, ios, multitool
OS: all

This tool consists of two parts: Analyzer and Tracer. Tracer is launched on iDevice or Android to hook all APIs and functions that are dangerous from security prospection. Upon analysis it creates a db that is further can be analyzed by Analyzer on PC.

### Introspy iOS

**Prerequisites on iDevice**: dpkg (to install **deb**), Applist (for Introspy to get all installed applications), PreferenceLoader (to appear in Settings menu) and CydiaSubstrate.

Download [link](https://github.com/iSECPartners/Introspy-iOS/releases).

`scp **[**introspy_deb**]** root@**[**device_ip**]**:~
ssh root@**[**device_ip**]**
dpkg -i **[**introspy_deb**]**
killall -HUP SpringBoard`

> 🚫 Error encountered. At first, I didn’t see it in the Settings menu, even after rerunning killall several times. I thought it’s just not meant to be. But later after rebooting, rejailbreaking and installing SSL Kill Switch 2, I reran the command killall -HUP SpringBoard and it worked. I don’t know how or why it wasn’t working at first yet. May be rejailbreaking and restarting worked.

If everything works fine, you should see **Inrospy - Apps** and **Introspy - Settings** in the Settings menu of the iDevice in question.

### Intropsy Android

pass

### Introspy Analyzer

**Prerequisites on PC**: python 2.6-2.7, pip

It’s the second part of the tool, which is run on PC. Installation:

*`# option 1. To launch from anywhere*
pip install git+https://github.com/iSECPartners/Introspy-Analyzer.git
python -m introspy <args>

*# option 2. Lauch from specific dir*
git clone https://github.com/iSECPartners/Introspy-Analyzer.git
python Introspy-Analyzer.introspy <args>`